# Mentors List for NU Hacks

The idea for this project is to make it easy for freshmen/underclassmen to
find upperclassmen and get help on a project or seek mentorship. Please add 
yourself if you wouldn't mind helping out some nerdy baby huskies.

(And you really shouldn't, because after all, we're CCIS, and we family.)

If you haven't hacked at Hacks before, we ask that you show up and interact
with members at an IRL meeting before adding yourself here.

![husky family](http://i.imgur.com/K9JnwQb.jpg)

# Where do I shove my data?

The JSON file is in `_harp/_data.json`. Main guideline is to follow the existing
examples. Push to the dev branch, not gh-pages.

Some things to note:
 * Remember that strings need to be strings. stringy strings, everyone.
 * You have to have a name, description, and lang and interest arrays. (See Outline section below for more info.)
 * If you don't have, or don't want to share, your github, website URL, email, or twitter handle, just don't include the key-value pair. Don't shove empty strings, because then we'll have dead links.

# Outline of a Mentor-describing Object

Just in case this isn't self-explanatory enough
 * Name: Is your full name.
 * desc: A short, informal bio.
 * github: Github username.
 * www: Your personal website's full URL. Full. This is getting shoved right into a link tag.
 * twitter: Just your twitter handle,
 * ccis: Just your ccis username, if you have one.
 * email: Your email. This is getting shoved into a mailto: link, so no funny business. If you don't want it up here, don't put it up here.
 * langs: An array of strings, representing the list of programming languages, frameworks, etc. that you'd be comfortable giving advice about. If it's a concrete technology that you put on your resume, it probably belongs here.
 * interest: An array of strings, representing things you're interested in and would be willing to talk about. Hobbies, passions, anything goes, really.

# Maintenance

Big Picture: We use [HarpJS](http://harpjs.com) to take the JSON file describing
all the human mentors, the [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) files, and any other
static assets into nice html/css files. And then we serve them up on a platter
using [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

Assuming you've already [installed Harp
properly](http://harpjs.com/docs/environment/install) and cloned the repo, run
`harp server _harp` within the repository's directory, on the `dev` branch. You
should be able to see a local copy of the Mentors Page served upon
`http://localhost:9000/`.

So say you get a pull request. Check the diffs to make sure the mentor has
submitted a reasonable pull request. Check to make sure the mentor isn't making
absurd claims, bad spelling mistakes, racist jokes in the bio, or anything else
unacceptable. Reject crummy pull requests.

Do a cursory check that the commas are all still in the right place. Merge and
pull onto your copy of the `dev` branch. Go back over to your local copy of the
site, and make sure nothing has broken. (If somethng did break, it's probably
because someone misplaced a pesky comma, or was trying to be clever with strings
or arrays. These are all quick fixes.) If everything looks good, push the
branch's progress.

Now, switch over to the `gh-pages` branch. Merge in your changes to the JSON
file from the `dev` branches. `git merge dev` will probably fall on its face.
`git rebase dev` followed by `git rebase` will usually work out really well. Now
we need to compile, and we do that with `harp compile _harp ./`. Unstage the
deletion of CNAME and README.md (SERIOUSLY PLZ.), commit, and finally, push.

Aaaand that's all, ladies and gentlemen. If you've got questions or anything's
not clear, file a bug report. Thanks!

--Alice Young, (aliceyoung9)
